README.md, before:

# 🌟 STEM Robotic Tracker

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Project Status: Active](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg)]()

> **EdTech platform for tracking STEM and robotics learning progress.**  
> A student-focused, instructor-friendly tool to log sessions, visualise progress, and assess robotics learning outcomes.

---

## 📌 Table of Contents

1. 📖 [About the Project](#-about-the-project)  
2. ✨ [Features](#-features)  
3. 🧰 [Tech Stack](#-tech-stack)  
4. 🚀 [Getting Started](#-getting-started)  
5. 📁 [Architecture](#-architecture)  
6. 🧪 [Examples & Screenshots](#-examples--screenshots)  
7. 🤝 [Contributing](#-contributing)  
8. 📝 [License](#-license)  
9. 📞 [Contact](#-contact)

---

## 📖 About the Project

**STEM Robotic Tracker** is an educational technology platform designed to help STEM clubs, robotics instructors, and mentors record learning activities, track student progress, and generate clear evidence of improvement over time.

The platform reduces paperwork for instructors while giving parents and students meaningful, easy-to-understand progress insights.

🌐 **Live Demo:** https://stem-robotics-platform.vercel.app/

> ⚠️ This project is currently in **early prototype stage**. Some features use mock data while workflows are still being refined.

---

## ✨ Features

- 📊 **Learning Progress Dashboard** — Track skills and development over time  
- 📅 **Session Logging & Notes** — Record activities, outcomes, and next steps  
- 👥 **User Profiles** — Student, mentor, and admin views  
- 📈 **Progress Trends** — Visualise improvements across sessions  
- 🔐 **Role-based Access** — Designed for multi-user STEM clubs  

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|------|-----------|
| Frontend | Next.js, React, TypeScript |
| Backend | Supabase (planned / partial) |
| Database | PostgreSQL (via Supabase) |
| Hosting | Vercel |

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 🧾 Prerequisites

- Node.js **v16 or higher**
- npm or yarn

### ⬇ Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kelvin101udoh-art/Stem-Robotic-Tracker.git
cd Stem-Robotic-Tracker/web
npm install

```

### ▶ Usage

```bash
npm run dev

Visit http://localhost:3000
 to view the app locally.

```

### 📁 Architecture

```text
Stem-Robotic-Tracker/
├── web/                    # Next.js app (run npm install here)
│   ├── app/                # Next.js App Router (if used)
│   ├── components/         # Reusable UI components
│   ├── lib/                # Utilities/helpers
│   ├── public/             # Static assets
│   ├── styles/             # Styling (if present)
│   ├── package.json        # Web app dependencies
│   └── next.config.*       # Next.js configuration
├── docs/                   # Documentation (optional)
├── assets/                 # Screenshots/media for README (optional)
└── README.md               # Project overview

```
---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome.

1. Fork the repository  
2. Create a new feature branch  
3. Commit your changes  
4. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.  
See the `LICENSE` file for details.

---
## 📞 Contact

**Maintainer:** Kelvin Udoh  

- 📧 Email: kelvin101udoh@gmail.com  
- 🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelvin-udoh-b6197a398
- 🐦 Twitter/X: https://x.com/udoh_kelvin_101


---

Commit message:

Update README with usage and examples sections
Consolidate usage instructions and add section for examples.

README.md, after:

# 🌟 STEM Robotic Tracker

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Project Status: Active](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg)]()

> **EdTech platform for tracking STEM and robotics learning progress.**  
> A student-focused, instructor-friendly tool to log sessions, visualise progress, and assess robotics learning outcomes.

---

## 📌 Table of Contents

1. 📖 [About the Project](#-about-the-project)  
2. ✨ [Features](#-features)  
3. 🧰 [Tech Stack](#-tech-stack)  
4. 🚀 [Getting Started](#-getting-started)  
5. 📁 [Architecture](#-architecture)  
6. 🧪 [Examples & Screenshots](#-examples--screenshots)  
7. 🤝 [Contributing](#-contributing)  
8. 📝 [License](#-license)  
9. 📞 [Contact](#-contact)

---

## 📖 About the Project

**STEM Robotic Tracker** is an educational technology platform designed to help STEM clubs, robotics instructors, and mentors record learning activities, track student progress, and generate clear evidence of improvement over time.

The platform reduces paperwork for instructors while giving parents and students meaningful, easy-to-understand progress insights.

🌐 **Live Demo:** https://stem-robotics-platform.vercel.app/

> ⚠️ This project is currently in **early prototype stage**. Some features use mock data while workflows are still being refined.

---

## ✨ Features

- 📊 **Learning Progress Dashboard** — Track skills and development over time  
- 📅 **Session Logging & Notes** — Record activities, outcomes, and next steps  
- 👥 **User Profiles** — Student, mentor, and admin views  
- 📈 **Progress Trends** — Visualise improvements across sessions  
- 🔐 **Role-based Access** — Designed for multi-user STEM clubs  

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|------|-----------|
| Frontend | Next.js, React, TypeScript |
| Backend | Supabase (planned / partial) |
| Database | PostgreSQL (via Supabase) |
| Hosting | Vercel |

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 🧾 Prerequisites

- Node.js **v16 or higher**
- npm or yarn

### ⬇ Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kelvin101udoh-art/Stem-Robotic-Tracker.git
cd Stem-Robotic-Tracker/web
npm install

```

### ▶ Usage

```bash
npm run dev
```
Visit http://localhost:3000 -- to view the app locally.
---

### 📁 Architecture

```text
Stem-Robotic-Tracker/
├── web/                    # Next.js app (run npm install here)
│   ├── app/                # Next.js App Router (if used)
│   ├── components/         # Reusable UI components
│   ├── lib/                # Utilities/helpers
│   ├── public/             # Static assets
│   ├── styles/             # Styling (if present)
│   ├── package.json        # Web app dependencies
│   └── next.config.*       # Next.js configuration
├── docs/                   # Documentation (optional)
├── assets/                 # Screenshots/media for README (optional)
└── README.md               # Project overview

```
---

## 🧪 Examples & Screenshots

Screenshots and demo recordings will be added as the prototype evolves.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome.

1. Fork the repository  
2. Create a new feature branch  
3. Commit your changes  
4. Open a Pull Request

---

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.  
See the `LICENSE` file for details.

---
## 📞 Contact

**Maintainer:** Kelvin Udoh  

- 📧 Email: kelvin101udoh@gmail.com  
- 🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelvin-udoh-b6197a398
- 🐦 Twitter/X: https://x.com/udoh_kelvin_101


---
